{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10520\viewh10100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I would like to create an interactive python program that can be deployed from the terminal. The application will be used to fit 2D gaussians from real 2D X-ray detector data. The x-ray data files will be loaded as xarray Datarrays, and will be plotted in the application. I would like the capability to draw a ROI (region-of-interest) box around \
\
- Treat the close box similarly to Tool Tip, where the box appears in the window when the cursor moves near the top left corner of the rectangle. \
\
- Create a table that is displayed below canvas1 that lists the active rectangles, numbers them, shows their bounds within the coordinates of the data, and allows the user to give a name to each of the boxes.\
\
- Within the table, for each rectangle, add an option to toggle the rectangles on/off to enable/disable them visually and interactively, including the custom close button.\
\
- When the box is closed while the ROISelector is toggled, it creates a new, very small rectangle, depending on how the user clicks. During the close box on_click command, we need to disable the capability to generate new rectangles.\
\
- Fix resizing issue with canvas2. When the cursor interacts with any frame in canvas2, and coordinates displayed on the top left, the entire application window resizes. Fix width of the toolbar so that the space for coordinate outputs is pre-allocated, and the canvas1 and canvas2 are not dynamically resized.\
\
- Add a way to toggle a single ROI rectangle as the active rectangle.\
\
- Display the active rectangle region in the top-left subplot in canvas2. Slice the xarray data array about the ROI rectangle to display the cropped xarray data array.\
\
- Take the most recent ROI rectangle, and display the cropped data in the top-left subplot of canvas2. }